ISTE-338-Group-Project
Authors - Anderson Cardenas, Andrew Apollo, Jacob Bier, Nick Berko, Lauren Carver

Initial steps:
    1: Source Professor_Match.sql
    2: Source test_data.sql
    3: Run the presentation layer

Upon running the presentation layer, you will initially have three options.
    Case 1 (Login) will ask the user to enter their username and password. If their information is correct they will be logged in, if not, a message will print out saying the account information is incorrect.
    Case 2 (Create new account) will ask the user to enter an email and password and return their unique id number. Their id number is their username.
    Case 3 (Quit) will ask if the user is sure that they want to quit and will only quit if they select yes.



Test data to log in as a student. 
    Email: asmith@example.com
    Password: password123

If a student successfully logs in, they will now have five options.
    Case 1 (Search Faculty Interest) will allow the student to search faculty interests.
    Case 2 (Search Faculty Abstracts) will allow the student to search faculty abstracts.
    Case 3 (Add Interest) will allow the student to add interests.
    Case 4 (See Own Interests) will allow the user to see their own interests.
    Case 5 (Quit) will ask if the user is sure that they want to quit and will only quit if they select yes.



Test data to log in as a faculty member. 
    Email: jdoe@example.com
    Password: password123

If a faculty member successfully logs in, they will now have seven options.
    Case 1 (Search Student Interests) will allow the faculty to search student interests.
    Case 2 (Insert Abstracts or Interests) will allow the user to insert abstracts or interests.
    Case 3 (Update Abstracts) will allow the user to update abstracts.
    Case 4 (Delete Abstracts or Interests) will allow the user to delete abstracts or interests.
    Case 5 (See Own Interests) will allow the user to see their own interests.
    Case 6 (See Own Abstracts) will allow the user to see their own abstracts.
    Case 7 (Quit) will ask if the user is sure that they want to quit and will only quit if they select yes.



Test data to log in as an outside organization member. 
    Email: org1@example.com
    Password: password123

If an outside organization member successfully logs in, they will now have three options.
    Case 1 (Search Student Interests)  will allow the outside organization member to search student interests.
    Case 2 (Search Faculty Interests) will allow the outside organization member to search faculty interests.
    Case 3 (Quit) will ask if the user is sure that they want to quit and will only quit if they select yes.